{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Chicago;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SimCity 2000\u174R 1.2\line has been copyrighted by\line Maxis, 1993-95.\line \line \line Fred Haslam & Will Wright\line spent altogether too much\line of their lives thinking about\line SimCity 2000\u174R and bringing\line their thoughts to life on the\line Macintosh.\line \line Mick Foley shot shapes,\line packed them into a city,\line and moved SimCity 2000\u174R\line to the Power Macintosh,\line while Justin McCormick\line went bug hunting and\line caught the big nasty ones.\line John \u8220"USPA87419\u8221" Lewis\line even helped a bit. (He\u8217'll do\line anything for some free\line caffeine.)\line \line Don Walters managed to get\line everything to happen when\line it was supposed to happen\line without pulling his hair out.\line \line \line Very Special Thanks To:\line My Maw\line \line \line Jenny Martin ensured that\line Suzie Greene,\line Bonnie Borucki,\line Kelli Pearson\line & Eben Sorkin\line created the most beautiful\line graphics ever seen for this\line product (and they did).\line \line Sue Kasper, Brian Conrad,\line and Justin McCormick gave\line up promising careers as\line karaoke singers to create\line the music for SimCity 2000\u174R.\line \line Halestorm, Inc. gave us the\line tools to help you hear the\line sounds of the city as well as\line a few of those cool sounds.\line \line The Maxis Sample Heds\line stayed up dark nights in late\line rooms making weird noises\line into microphones.\line \line Brian Conrad also made sure\line we were dialed in to the cool\line hardware action.\line \line Fred Haslam, Debra Larson,\line Chris Weiss, VERBed over\line an ADJECTIVE NOUN for\line hours on end to create\line the EXCLAMATION\line SimCity 2000\u174R Newspaper.\line \line Newspaper pics provided by\line Lori Reese & Archive Photos\line of New York City.\line \line To ground ourselves into\line reality we called upon:\line Bruce Joffe\line (GIS Consultant),\line Craig Christenson\line (National Renewable\line Energy  Laboratory),\line Ray Gatchalian\line (Oakland Fire Department),\line Diane L. Zahm\line (Florida Department of\line Law Enforcement)\line \line Michael Bremer got sick of\line us moaning over his puns,\line so he sat down and put them\line in another fantastic manual.\line (so now you too can moan\line over his puns).\line \line Tom Bentley & Debra Larson\line made sure at least half of\line Michael's puns were funny\line an speld corekly.\line \line Vera Jaye made sure that\line the SimCity 2000\u174R box wasn't\line just another face in the crowd.\line \line David Caggiano pushed\line pictures around on pages\line with exceptional talent until\line things looked marvelous.\line \line Kristine Brogno made sure\line that Vera's & Dave's shoes\line (and loose ends) were tied.\line \line When Michael couldn't figure\line out how to play the game,\line Fred, Will, Don, and Kathleen\line helped him out. Sometimes.\line \line Additional material for the\line wonderful, biodegradable\line manual was contributed by:\line John "Bean" Hastings\line Richard E. Bartlett, AIA\line Margo Lockwood\line Larry Wilson,\line David Caggiano\line Tom Bentley\line Barbara Pollak\line Emily Friedman\line Keith Ferrell\line James Hewes\line Joey Holliday\line and last\line (but assuredly not least)\line William Holliday\line \line Larry Lee invented ways to\line make people who had never\line heard of SimCity 2000\u174R buy\line this stupendous sequel.\line \line Sam Poole and his spunky\line bunch made sure that the\line stores those people go to\line actually had SimCity 2000\u174R\line available for YOU.\line \line Chris Weiss had to force\line Don Horat, Roger Johnsen,\line and Manny Granillo to play\line SimCity 2000\u174R for hours at\line gunpoint and make sure\line everything worked like it\line was supposed to.\line \line In addition to the normal\line software testing crew:\line Rob McNamara\line Steve Perrin\line Kirk Lesser\line Carter Lipscomb\line Chris Blackwell\line Kevin O'Hare\line Peter Alau\line Tari Kobylanski\line &\line Bob Sombrio\line \line Alan Barton made sure that\line Chris never actually pulled\line the trigger.\line \line If (heaven forbid) you have\line a problem with SimCity 2000\u174R\line and need to talk to someone,\line chances are you'll be hearing\line the charming voice of Carter\line Lipscomb, Kevin O'Hare, Chris\line Blackwell, Peter Alau,\line or Kirk Lesser.\line \line Everyone who worked on the\line project felt for one reason\line or another these people\line deserved special mention:\line \line Joe Scirica for making sure\line we stayed out of jail, passed\line Go and collected $200.\line \line Jeff Braun, who loves Maxis,\line runs Maxis, and IS Maxis\line (and we thank him for that).\line \line Jim Siefert for comic relief.\line \line Bob Derber for keeping us\line out of court and similar\line noteworthy achievements.\line \line Michael Perry, because he\line has long hair and we don\u8217't.\line \line Cassidy Wright and Joell\line Jones who had to put up\line with Will\u8217's weird hours. \line \line Michael Wyman\line & Bob Sombrio\line for special news bulletins.\line \line Everyone else who punches\line the clock at Maxis (like it's\line the worst job we could find).\line \line George and Denny (and even\line Slo-Mo Pete) at the Casa \line Orinda for many excellent\line free peanuts and something\line to wash them down with.\line \line Our good friends: "Big Al", \line Rose, Kurt, and the rest at \line Ottino's for lunch, dinner, \line dessert, TV, and popcorn.\line \line The nice people downstairs\line at Caffe Teatro who sell us\line gallons of coffee every day\line because we need it.\line \line Denny and Jim at Whole Earth\line Access for lettin' us test on\line their toys\line \line Victor Romero\line the cleaning guy\line \line Lisa Lee and The Two Carols\line (Cabrillo and Lockwood) at\line Apple's 3rd Party Test Labs.\line \line Lucy and Lola\line The Amazing Flying Puglets\line \line Jiffyburgers and Mitzbitz\line \line The gang at MindVision software \line (makers of Developer Vice \line installation software) for \line service above and beyond \line the call of duty.\line \line All the great folks at SkyDance\line SkyDiving in Davis, CA who let\line John Lewis hurl himself out of\line their fine airplanes. (This may seem\line strange, but he says it helps him\line relax. Something about work not\line mattering much when hurtling\line towards the ground at 120+ MPH.)\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line These credits were compiled\line by a team of one hundred\line during a ten minute break.}