{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Chicago;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SimCity 2000\u174R Urban Renewal Kit for the Macintosh has been copyrighted in 1995.\line \line Mac Conversion\line John \u8220"USPA87419\u8221" Lewis\line Michael Schlachter\line Jamie Doornbos\line \line Original DOS version\line Ed Goldman\line \line Windows version\line Jason Shankle\line James Turner\line \line Produced by\line Chris Weiss\line \line Lead Q/A Tech\line Scott "Thanatos" Shicoff\line \line Manual and Addendum\line Bob Sombrio\line \line Lead Artist\line Bonnie Borucki\line \line Marketing\line Michelle "I will not be ignored!" San Martin\line \line Layout\line David Caggiano\line \line Manufacturing\line Marty Chan\line Kim Vincent\line \line Additional Q/A Grunts\line Mike "Corporal" Gilmartin\line Marc Meyer\line Cathy "The Ninja" Castro\line John "Jussi" Ylinen\line John "Grendel" Landes\line Will "Sink" Ho\line Keith "151" Meyer\line Richard Perez-Pacheco\line Joe "Fish" Longworth\line Tom "D.J. Peril" Porcella\line Robin Hines\line Brian Smith\line Rick "Babar" Acquistapace\line Charlie Dragics\line Andy "I got a story for ya" Derber\line \line Extra Special Thanks to\line Joe Scirica for putting his body on the line (the 2nd base line).\line Sam Poole, Bob Derber, Fred Gerson, and Jeff Braun for making us stinking rich.\line Alan Barton for managing all the Q/A yahoos.\line Tom Forge, who hasn't quite learned how to say "No"\line Ileana Seander for not killing me every time I told her we're slipping a date.\line Sharon Perry for the drop-shadows.\line Fred Bowie for his 3rd base acrobatics.\line Our good friends: "Big Al", Rose, Kurt, and the rest at Ottino's for lunch, dinner, dessert, TV, and popcorn.\line Viola for poking my PRAM to kill the evil weird print monitor bug.\line The gang at MindVision software (makers of Developer Vice installation software) for service above and beyond the call of duty.\line All the great folks at SkyDance SkyDiving in Davis, CA who let John Lewis hurl himself out of their fine airplanes. (This may seem strange, but he says it helps him relax. Something about work not mattering much when hurtling towards the ground at 120+ MPH.)\line }