{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;\f1\fswiss Chicago;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs36 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Preparing a New SCSI Device\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Preparing a new SCSI device will destroy all data already on the device. To perform all steps of the set up process, use the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Auto Setup\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button. This will perform a low-level format of the SCSI device, partition the device into one volume, install the SCSI driver, and mount and initialize the volume on the desktop. If you do not want the device partitioned into one volume, you may use the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button after the auto setup operation is done (see the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partitioning Schemes\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" section in the reference manual, or the next on-line help item).\line \line Alternatively, you may perform the set up process by using the individual buttons \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Format\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221", \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221", \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Install\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" (optional), and \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Mount\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" in succession. You may prefer this method compared to using the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Auto Setup\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button because you have a choice as to the steps you will perform and what options may be chosen at each step. For instance, if you know the device does not need a low-level format you may skip using the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Format...\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" button. If you want the device partitioned in a different manner, the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button will present you with the opportunity to do so (partitioning also installs a SCSI driver onto the device). If you wish to select a different partition icon from that which is default, use the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Install\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button. You may skip using the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Mount\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button and just re-boot the computer, which will allow you to initialize the partitions in the Finder after the computer has started again.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Consult the large reference manual available for the program if more assistance is needed.\f2\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs0 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line }