{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;\f1\fswiss Chicago;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs36 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Advanced (Power User's) Features\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Note: Some Non-Professional versions of SCSI Director may not have all the these options described in the Online Help files. All of these, and much more are included in the "Professional" version of the program. Call  805/565-5200 to get more information or order an upgrade.\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SETUP MENU\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Some commands in the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Setup\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" menu do not have corresponding buttons in the main window, and therefore are not commonly used.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Format Options...\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221"\line This command lets you select the Interleave and the block size (the driver supports 512, 1k and 2k block sizes) of the device once its formatted..\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs48 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ATTO CUSTOMER'S\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line USE THE POP-UP BUS MENU TO SWITCH TO DIFFERENT SCSI BUSSES OR LUNS YOU MAY HAVE ON YOUR COMPUTER BY WAY OF ATTO CARDS. YOU MUST DO THIS BEFORE YOU WILL BE ABLE TO USE SCSI DIRECTOR TO OPERATION ON YOUR DEVICE CONNECTED TO THE CARD.\line \line This is the very, very important command that cycles the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  program from one SCSI bus to another SCSI Bus.  This command is currently used when supporting the add-on third party SCSI bus adapters that are gaining popularity because of their incredibly high performance. Use this command with your ATTO Technology\u8217's SiliconExpress (I, II, III, or IV) NuBus board. This command is meant to be activated frequently, while running the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  program, for whenever the Main Setup display needs to be switched to another SCSI bus in order to select another device.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 VIEW MENU\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The commands in the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 View\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" menu let you examine various data structures on the SCSI device. All of the displays can be updated and printed and use a similar display format. \line \line The similar window parts among the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 View\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" menu commands are the Update Values icon button, Date, Time, and the description section of the windows. Clicking on the Update Values icon button will update the window with the current values of the information displayed in the window. The Date and Time section display the date and time that the information was last updated (this is usually useful for printing purposes). The description section describes what type of information is displayed in the window.\line \line You can examine five types of data using the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 View\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" menu:\line \line \u8226? Device Driver Map, which is on block 0 of the SCSI device\line \u8226? Partition Map Blocks, which are numerous and come in a variety of types\line \u8226? Sector, which provides a resizeable, scrolling window into any data on the SCSI device\line \u8226? Inquiry Information, as returned by issuing a SCSI Inquiry command to the device\line \u8226? Mode Sense, as returned by issuing a SCSI Mode Sense command to the device\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SPECIAL MENU\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Special\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" menu is activated, and deactivated, by clicking on the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Special Menu\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" icon button in the set up window. This menu contains many very specialized SCSI device altering commands that are very dangerous when used by an unwary user.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Setup Many Devices\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This commands allows you to format every SCSI device you have hooked up to the computer, except one that you choose as the one you are using now for the program. It is meant for people who format hundreds of drives per month.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Check Partition Map Quality\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This command checks to see if your device has all of its partitions in order. It checks for any illegal, non-Apple usage of the drive, including over seventy different types of corruption. It is very thorough, and the very last message indicates the severity of your damage from (0- Perfect), through (3- very very bad). It only works with post March 1987 partitioning techniques. You should run this periodically on all your devices.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Write Partition Map Only\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This is not a command, but is a setting. It is only for magically recovering devices with totally damaged partition map entries. If it is checked, then the program will avoid destroying the CONTENTS of your partitions if you use the partition command, and enter Megabyte values for partitions, from your memory, that were used \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 with our program \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 the last time you ever partitioned, or Auto-setup the device you are recovering\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 . \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Thus, if you used our product in the past two years, and you can't get any partitions to view in the partition editor, then with this option, you can completely repair your partition maps. DO NOT PLAY WITH THIS OTHERWISE. It is meant for telephone support.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Modify Partition Map\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This command allows you to perform editing of the partition map blocks in the partition map. This may be done to fix problems with a device, or do some really custom partitioning.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Write Partition Entry\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This command aids technicians in recovering heavily damaged devices, by writing a single blank partition entry at a specific location, and then filling in the values via deduction. For partition editing on non-damaged disks, use the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition View/Edit \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 command in the utility menu. Avoid using this unless you are an expert in data recovery.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Clear range of blocks\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This command can be used to zero out (erase) a range of sectors, if the need ever arises.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Reset SCSI Bus\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This command issues a SCSI Reset command to reset the SCSI bus. This can be used to un-freeze the SCSI bus and make the SCSI devices on the bus pay attention by resetting their states to ready themselves to execute new SCSI commands. For some devices, this also causes them to enter a UNIT ATTENTION state in which the next command they receive will terminate with a sense key/code condition of UNIT ATTENTION.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Prevent-Allow removal\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This command is can be used on removable media devices to prevent or allow the media to be removed.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Enable-Disable read ahead\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This command is used to enable or disable the read ahead cache on SCSI devices that support it.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Start-Stop SCSI\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This command is use to spin up or spin down the SCSI device. On removable media devices, it can also be used to eject the media.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Send-Receive Diagnostic\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line This command issues a SCSI Send Diagnostic and Received Diagnostic command to the SCSI device, and creates a window that displays the results. Only a few types of drives are actually set up for use with this command.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Reassign Block\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line The command is used when testing the SCSI device has revealed a sector that has gone bad and must be re-mapped. Usually you would use the "\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Auto Verify & Reassign" \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 command instead.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Auto Verify & Reassign\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This is a process that uses the real SCSI verify command to analyze your disk and remap any failing locations. It works with most drives.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Change SCSI ID\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This command is used to change the SCSI ID of a SCSI device through software. Only a limited number of SCSI devices support this feature.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Resurrect a Neutralized Driver\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This command is only for the RARE occasion when you need to 'revive' a device's SCSI driver that was deliberately neutralized, at your request, by this program in the recent past. AND YOU REGRETTED IT for some reason or another. The program allows you to neutralize an interfering SCSI driver that needs to be disabled to overwrite it with our own amazing SCSI driver. This option to 'neutralize' is given along with three other techniques, in the "Install" or "Update" driver command, when allowable.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Driver Options\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221"\line Safe Command.\line This command is used to set various driver options. These options include the ability to explicitly use or not use blind reading and/or blind writing on a SCSI device (the default checks automatically at bootup). Another option that you can select is whether all writing should use the SCSI "Write & Verify" command, to help guarantee valuable data was actually stored to a disk. Admittedly, the "\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Driver Options"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  feature is meant to slow down devices that are very new or seemingly incompatible with the Macintosh. Apple Quadra computers have been reported to be unstable for blind writes (the default) to devices such as Tahiti 2's, the NCR ADP-92, and the Sony SMO-C301. After using this command, you must use the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Install\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" command to re-install the SCSI driver with the selection driver options onto the device.\line \line \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Resume Scanning\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221"\line Safe Command.\line Each time it is selected, this command toggles between \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Resume Scanning\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" and \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Suspend Scanning\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221". Removable media devices are automatically scanned periodically for insertion of media. When \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  is started, this scanning is suspended. When \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  is stopped, this scanning is resumed. Use this command if you wish to resume the scanning while still running \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 . \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  does this because the scanning can sometimes interfere with some operations you wish to perform with the device.\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Obviously, the large reference manual available for \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  would be a wise thing to read before performing many of these potentially \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 dangerous\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  commands.\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f2\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs0 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line }