{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;\f1\fswiss Chicago;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs48 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Latest Information\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Please read this file, it contains important last minute information. Its contents are not covered in any versions of our printed manual, not even the 150 page manual, nor other On-Line Help files.\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SyQuest Interchangeability Consortium\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The driver (v5.1 and above) has the ability to be closed so that it works with SCSI Probe's close driver after eject option. This option provides 100% interchangeability among drive subsystems. If everyone simply followed IM IV & V partitioning standards, then all media would automatically be interchangeable. However, since SCSI Director will not mount partitions that do not meet the standards, we now allow our driver to be closed so that the driver on the media can be loaded.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INCOMPATIBLE PROGRAMS:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line With well over 1,000,000 people using various versions of \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director's\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  SCSI Driver, we are quite certain that it operates flawlessly on nearly every computer, accelerated computer, and standard SCSI-1, and SCSI-2 devices.  Our programs, drivers, and utilities do not "patch" or modify the Macintosh in ANY way! Therefore, problems do not usually occur with our product because of this rigorous design goal.\line \line When there are problems, we learn about them fast. Kent Marsh Ltd.'s \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 NightWatch II\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  (version 2.01 or earlier) is incompatible with many versions of our software including the one you are using now. Do not use our SCSI driver with this product unless their publisher indicate that they were fixed and can be used. Get an update to \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 NightWatch II. \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 The nature of the incompatibilities may have to do with the fact that the SCSI driver is compressed on the disk. It has to be compressed in order to boot on a MacPlus. The compression of the SCSI driver can be turned off using the "Driver Options" command in the "Special" menu.\line \line Sentient Software/ Fifth Generation's \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Disk Lock \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 2.1.2 has been tested and now works.\line \line Alladin's \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SpaceSaver\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  has a new version as of 2/93 that no longer causes the disk swap dialog to appear for disks that are already mounted. The original cause of the problem has not yet been found, however Alladin's workaround stops it from happening.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 COMPATIBLE DEVICES:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 All SCSI-1 and SCSI-2 compliant devices\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 . Here's the condensed list of compatible devices...\line \line The \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 complete current product lines\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  of fixed storage devices from : \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 CDC (Wrens), Conner, Fujitsu, Hewlett Packard, Hitachi, Maxtor, Micropolis (1580 series), Miniscribe, Rodime (Cobra series), Seagate 1, Sony (SRD2040A), Toshiba. \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 As well as all modern\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Quantum products such as\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  Quantum Q250, Q280 Quantum ProDrive 40, 80, 105, Quantum Pro120, 170, 210, 425, and Quantum LP 40, 52, 80, 105. \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Any other modern (post-1988) devices not listed should probably still work fine, since the program does indeed work with nearly everything.\line \line Most versions of \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  also support \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 all\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  removable media devices, as well, including :  \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Maxtor Tahiti 1 & 2 MO, IBM 3.5" MO, IBM 3125B and 0632, TEAC OD-3000-20, Insite Peripherals I325VM Floptical, IOMEGA (Bernoulli) Beta 90,  MOST Tech. RMD 5100S 3.5" MO, SyQuest SQ555 and SQ5110, Ricoh RO 503x MO and RH 5500, Panasonic's MATSHITA LF-3000 & LF-7000 MO, and all Sony MOs including 5.25" and 3.5" (such as SMO-C301 and SMO-C501).\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INCOMPATIBLE DEVICES:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line It has been discovered that our driver, and every other popular SCSI driver is incapable of properly supporting a Maxtor LXT 213S on a Mac Plus, though Mac SE's and above function. This is true for LXT 213S firmware, and EEPROM download versions previous to 1991.09, for certain.\line \line Macintosh Quadra computers have a bug in the SCSI Manager that causes it to fail on certain devices including the NCR-ADP-92 series of RAID controllers as well a some Optical disks and a few hard disks. Also, Fujitsu has reported that the M2651/52SA (1.6 GB formatted) device fails on the Quadra's and IIx computers. They claim that their device does not work with "Blind" data transfers and that disabling them will correct the problem. You can disable "Blind" transfers using the "Driver Options" command in the "Special" menu. For some reason however, the "Blind" transfers work on all other Macs with their drive. This is probably also related to the Quadra SCSI problems.\line \line Also note, very new SCSI devices are sometimes not supported by our product until a couple of months after they are mass-shipped and discovered incompatible, therefore if you have a problem with a device, see your distributor for a newer version of \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  that will support it.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 NOTE: If you see a \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 flashing rectangle\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  warning indicator:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line We revised the SCSI Driver to properly quickly flash a rectangle (with the phrase "Please Reinsert Disk Module") on the system screen if a utilized SCSI device has been accidentally shutdown, unplugged, wrongly replaced, or has communication problems. It is a very special safety feature that will retry accesses and wait for unavailable devices to become available again. Flashing stops when access to previous device is resumed or you hold down command-period until it goes away. If it is ever seen, but the device is still connected and seemingly operating, then \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 turning off the device and turning it on again may help\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  reset the condition that caused you to ever see the "flashing rectangle" warning. \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 About the "Reserve System Heap INIT":\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line We wrote a system extension (INIT) for people to reserve non-system 7.0 heap memory, which eliminates the "not enough system heap" error message during mounting of devices without drivers loaded. It is called "Reserve System Heap INIT" and is optional to use. It is found on the distribution diskette of\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 . System heap memory space can be adjusted many other ways (for instance using properly written "INITS", editing System "boot blocks", using third party System heap expanders, etc.). Our INIT is just a simple way to give our program, or our newest SCSI driver, more memory without changing the System Heap default size. The "Reserve System Heap INIT" could be placed in your system folder, on your own disk, if you are warned by SCSI Director that you have abnormally low System Heap memory when mounting newly available devices. Using System 7.0 eliminates the need for this special INIT, or any other remedy. If our INIT "beeps" when loading, it means that a serious problem prevented it from working.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 About the MicroFinder utility:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The program is so large (even though it is self decompressed 54% efficiently) that to maintain a full-size universal COMPLETE System 6.08 system file AND a System 6.08 Finder on the 800K disk is impossible now. Therefore, to preserve the integrity of the System file, we wrote a safe, effective MicroFinder. In addition to merely being small, MicroFinder can automatically locate its default program to run at startup (usually \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ). The MicroFinder is called "Finder" and is inside the System folder of the distribution utility diskette.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ATTENTION: Mac+ owners:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line A recently discovered "Mac+ only" problem involves running any of our SCSI installers written since version 1.1.2, and having at least one device that has its SCSI ID higher numbered than your system boot device's ID. On a Mac+, your computer may not boot unless you configure the highest number drive (as Apple infers) as being the boot device. Thus, if you bought a SyQuest, and no system is on a cartridge, and it has a higher SCSI ID than your regular drive, and you have a Mac+, and the cartridge is inserted, and you are booting.... KABOOM. We'll try to fix it in a future version.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ATTENTION: Mac Quadra owners:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Many storage industry experts have concluded that Mac Quadras suffer from timing irregularities deviating from the standard SCSI specification. This results in silent \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 corruption of data\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  when used with some devices, including ultra-modern devices. Although I will not name the devices, since it is not \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 their\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  fault, an example would be a Sony 3.5 inch MO, without the special "Mac-compatible" firmware installed. One solution, \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 sometimes\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , is to disable "blind writes" from the Diver Options dialog when installing. But luckily, with all three types of devices we know about that we have personally tested ourselves, and found to be Quadra-deadly, all are usually detected by our special communications test. If this is the case our program would display "WARNING: The device is not returning the data that it REPORTED SAVING! (cabling, damaged, termination ?)" and not allow you to manipulate the device.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 A/UX partitioning:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line A/UX 3.0's installer requires you to run Apple's HD Setup while inside A/UX in order to create the UNIX file systems. This is a new limitation of the A/UX 3.0x installer. Also note that under A/UX 3.0x, the maximum number of partitions that can be displayed has been increased from 1 to 6, so if you have over 6 partitions, only the first 6 will show up.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Apple 160 Meg Hard disk owners:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line NOTE: When using virtual memory in system 7.0 make certain that you do not own an Apple Computer supplied 160 Meg hard disk with old ROMS. If so, even on a Mac IIfx, if it has \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ROM version 5342\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  then it will not function (virtual mode). The product is \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 94221-5\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , an old CDC or Seagate mechanism. Apple's own SCSI driver may be necessary, if Apple's even seems to function reliably.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INSITE I-325VM Floptical SCSI device owners:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line A design "feature" of the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INSITE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  locks itself from writing at each and every startup! If you own one, \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director's\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  SCSI driver unlocks (Un-Write Protects) it at powerup or reset of SCSI Bus, so it can function. If you own a \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INSITE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  with new firmware, then to format, or partition, you must have had a disk inserted BEFORE selecting "ID Search", if not hit the "ID Search" button again before proceeding. This is a \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INSITE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  flaw resulting from a \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 INSITE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  design change as of mid-July 1991. Incredibly, not only is the device "locked" at powerup but also SCSI bus resets. The I-325VM was designated an MS-DOS "floppy" device by a committee (INSITE, Adaptec, Data Tech/Qume, Future Domain, Iomega, and Rancho) to prevent usage of the device for non-MS-DOS purposes! It is still cool enough to be considered a desirable Macintosh device.\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ATTENTION: Maxoptix Tahiti 1 or 2 owners:\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Although we have been compatible with the Tahiti (a gigabyte sized laser optical removable) for years, we made a few observations on how to make the relatively new Tahiti 2s function a little better with Macintoshes. Evidently, the Tahiti 2 seems to prefer "SCSI write and verify" mode, so it is selected automatically by our SCSI driver.  Your write performance should not significantly decrease.\line  \line The most important thing is that you have your dip switches set properly. If you own an official Maxoptix SCSI case, \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 compare your switch settings\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  on the back to our preferred settings : SW1 :  1,2,3 anything except all UP; 4 U; 5 D; 6 D; 7 U; 8 U; -- SW2 :  1 U; 2,3,4,5,6,7,8 all Down. These switches can get accidentally flipped by striking them with a SCSI connector so be wary. Also, if you take apart cases often or are having unexplainable problems, make certain the cooling fan is connected to the correct voltage leads and is not reversed.\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line ==========================================================\line ==========================================================\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs20 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Notes for professional version of SCSI Director\line -----------------------------------\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line When partitioning a mounted device connected to a \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Nubus\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI card\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , or a Processor Direct Slot (\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 PDS\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ) SCSI card, the user should always reboot the system after finishing with \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 .  Accessing any devices associated with the partitioned device before rebooting may result in the corruption of data on the device. This is because the SCSI card's driver is not supplied by \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  and therefore cannot always be safely made aware of repartitioning done behind the SCSI Card's back. \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 THEREFORE REBOOT AS SOON AS YOU ARE DONE RE-PARTITIONING OR AUTO-INSTALLING OVER A NUBUS SCSI CARD, AND ARE READY TO QUIT.\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line ==========================================================\line ==========================================================\line \line Revisions to our SCSI driver have been made, so \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 update ALL your devices\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  to get the latest version installed. "Installing" new SCSI drivers is a safe and quick process, though remember that installing a SCSI driver on a "Passworded" volume (passworded with a product OTHER THAN ours) is foolish unless you unpassword that "other" product first, before installing our SCSI driver.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 REMEMBER:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  When using our SCSI Driver software, doing get-info on a partition icon in the Finder is a way to tell which of our SCSI Driver version is INSTALLED on the device, BUT NOT WHICH ONE IS CONTROLLING the device. This is to allow you to recognize which of your disks need updating or not. (\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Driver version 7.0.A is the latest version\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , and is included within the latest release).\line \line Whew! This concludes the "Latest Info" file. You may now consider reviewing other On-Line help information.}