{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;\f1\fswiss Chicago;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs48 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Power Users's Guide\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \u160 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 (Refer to Users Manual, or other On-Line help if you aren't a "Power User")\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 This information is intended for any technical person needing a brief synopsis of the entire program.\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SETUP NEW DEVICE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line To set up a new device, connect it, boot the computer, run the application, select the new device to set up, and click the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Auto Setup\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button. If the device is to be partitioned into multiple Mac HFS volumes, use the manual procedure of \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Format\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221", \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221", and \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Mount\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221". Note that the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" function automatically installs the driver after partitioning, so there is no need to use \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Install\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" if \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" was used.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 UPDATE EXISTING DEVICE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line A device usually does not need to be re-formatted to update it with a new SCSI driver. Just select the device and click \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Install\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" to update the SCSI driver.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ASSISTANT\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Use the control panel to set partition options such as password-protect, manual-mount, read-only, and boot. If a device is password-protected, a notification alert will inform the user of the condition. However, if the device is password-protected AND marked as manual-mount, this notification will not be presented. DO NOT PASSWORD PROTECT THE BOOT DRIVE. The read-only option write-protects the volume via the Mac OS software. No hardware write-protect is done with the read-only option, so software can still possibly write data to the device, if aggressive enough. The disable finder eject option makes the Mac OS treat removable media devices exactly as if they were fixed disks. The make boot partition allows for the selection of the partition in which the Macintosh first searches for a valid System Folder to boot off of when the device is being searched as a possible Startup Disk. Note that \u8220"Startup Disk\u8221" used to properly be called \u8220"Startup Device\u8221" previous to Apple System 7.0 and will probably be renamed again in the far future. This allows for the booting of different System Folders from a device that was partitioned into multiple volumes. No system extension is needed for automounting removable cartridges with our SCSI Driver.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 PARTITION\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The partition dialog allows multiple Mac HFS partitions as well as various A/UX System Drive, A/UX Data Drive options and sizes, and combinations thereof. While holding the option key, use the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 View/Edit Partitions\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" command in the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Utility\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" menu to perform specialized partitioning, or modifications. Read the utility On-Line Help for assistance.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 TESTING\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The four speed tests and four reliability tests are non-destructive. A result file is created which lists any problems discovered.\line \line }