{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;\f1\fswiss Chicago;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs48 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Testing a SCSI Device\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line SCSI Storage Device Analyzer is a utility built into \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  for evaluating the performance and reliability of SCSI based storage devices through the implementation of a comprehensive test suite. The tests measure the period of time it takes the Macintosh to complete various commands, as well as reporting back any device responses. One can also perform a comparative benchmark of devices and test the durability of devices and media. The utility saves its results to a text file which may be viewed with a word processor. Also, The tests \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 have no logical flaws in their implementation\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , whatsoever, unlike nearly every other test program known to exist.\line \line A device is usually tested for one of two reasons: You either want to test the speed of the device, or you want to test the device for media problems. There are four speeds tests (\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Seek\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Manager\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Driver\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Mac OS\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ), and four reliability tests (\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 P&G Listing\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Verify\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Media Analysis\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Hardware Exercise\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ).\line \line The \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Test\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 ...\u8221" button brings up the test selection dialog. This is where you select the tests that are to be run on the selected device. The tests are non destructive but if you select \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Write\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" as an option, if there is a problem with the cables or the drives, the act of trying to write copies of data over the original data could fail.  If this ever happens, small portions of your data could be damaged.  Therefore, unless you feel confident about your equipment, don\u8217't normally select \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Write\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221".\line \line The test function also provides an option to test whether \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Asynchronous\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" tests should be performed.  If a SCSI driver handles Asynchronous data requests, from the Mac OS, in a special manner, then the timing results should reflect a difference. Most device drivers, including the current \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , do not handle Asynchronous requests in a special way.\line \line Before running, the test function will ask for a destination to create a text file containing the results.\line \line Also, the last two tests are very long to run (\u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Media Analysis\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" and \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Hardware Exercise\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8221" ). \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Normally, don\u8217't select them to be performed\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 . If you do though, you can abort most of the long tests by holding down the mouse button.\line \line Consult the large reference manual available for \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  to understand performance interpretation. }