{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;\f1\fswiss Chicago;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs36 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Partition Options and Treatment\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Partitioning your SCSI device is an important step in setting up your device to operate efficiently. Partitioning a SCSI device is similar to partitioning a file cabinet into separate file drawers in order to use the space more efficiently. When everything was thrown into one large space, it becomes harder to find. By partitioning the total space available on a SCSI device into multiple volumes, data becomes easier to find. Here are some compelling reasons for partitioning a device into more than one partition:\line \line \u8226? Data can be easier to find\line \u8226? Data is safer when separated into different partition areas\line \u8226? Data can be secured with a password or write-protect when partitioned\line \u8226? Data is stored more efficiently when there are many small files\line \line There are different partitioning schemes to choose from, depending on what your plans are for using the device. Some things to consider when choosing a partitioning scheme are:\line \line \u8226? Do you want the device to have a temporary backup area\line \u8226? Do you wish to keep any data secure from outside access\line \u8226? Do you wish to keep any data from being modified\line \u8226? Can you group your data into categories of a few large files and many small files\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 A/UX  NOTE\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 : If you need to partition your device for use with A/UX, Apple requires you to use their universal Apple HD SC Setup application provided with A/UX for this purpose.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 TEMPORARY BACKUP PARTITION\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line If backing up data took no time or effort, everyone would do it all the time. It's very important that data from your SCSI devices be backed up, at least daily or weekly, and be kept off-site. In the event of an emergency, such as a device failure, or a fire or theft, you will think that the regular off-site backups were well worth the extra effort. It would be nice to have data backed up even while you worked on it. However, unless you use the Mirroring partitions command (provided with the Professional version of this program), the best alternative is to have a backup partition on the SCSI device. Several times during the day, a backup partition will provide a separate area on the SCSI device to which you can quickly and easily copy your work to. If something happens to your work during the day, you may then restore the most recent copy of the work, saving hours of time. Additionally, because the backup partition is separate from the other partitions, if any other partitions get corrupted, you have a much higher chance of recovering data on the backup partition. This is because the data is more autonomous on a backup partition than if data were backed up to the same partition you normally work on.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 PASSWORD-PROTECTED PARTITION\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The best way to secure your data from prying eyes is to keep it with you. After you are done using the computer, backup the data and take it somewhere secure. Sometimes it is not always possible to do this, and most certainly, it is not very convenient. When you keep private data on a computer that may be accessed by someone other than yourself (directly or over a network), it may be a good idea to create a partition that is password-protected. A password-protected partition is created just as any other partition. By setting the password-protect option for a partition (see \u8220"Using the Control Panel\u8221" section in this large reference manual, or review the \u8220"\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Using the Control Panel\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u8220" on-line help item), you can secure the data on that partition so that it may be accessed only by typing in the password that you choose. Usually, password-protected partitions are made just large enough to hold the data you wish to keep private.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 READ-ONLY PARTITION\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Sometimes it is important for data to be read, but not changed in any way. This is accomplished by setting the read-only option for a partition (see \u8220"Using the Control Panel\u8221" section in this large reference manual, or review the \u8220"Using the Control Panel\u8220" on-line help item). If you have a large amount of data that needs to be read but not changed, then it may be best to create a partition with this purpose in mind. Usually, read-only partitions are just large enough to hold the data you wish to keep from being changed.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 LARGE VERSUS SMALL PARTITIONS\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Most SCSI storage devices are very large in total size. For the reasons mentioned earlier, you should partition the device. If you are working with very large files, then you will want to create a very large partition. If you are working with many small files, then you will want to create a partition that uses the space most efficiently.\line \line For every file created on a partition volume, there is an amount of data known as the allocation clump size. The allocation clump size is the minimum amount of space that the file will grow by. For instance, if a file is 1 byte in size, and the allocation clump size is 8192 bytes, then the 1 byte file will occupy 8192 bytes of space on the partition volume. This is 8192 times the amount it actually needs! Imagine if you had thousands of files that were very small compared to the allocation clump size, you could loose literally megabytes of storage space! The allocation clump size is usually smaller than 8192 bytes, and the Finder in System 7.0 has a feature that sometimes compacts extra clump size when copying files to conserve space.\line \line A good rule to follow when your partition will contain many thousands of small files (under 2 KB) is to \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 make the partition smaller than or equal to \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 128 MB\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 . If your partition will contain large files, then you can make it as big as you want.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Consult the large reference manual available for \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 SCSI Director\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  if more assistance is needed.\f2\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs0 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line }