{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Chicago;\f1\fswiss Geneva;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs36 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Mirroring Volumes\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Mirroring is a strategy meant to prevent data loss from catastrophic physical malfunctions. It does this by maintaining two, or more, exact copies of a volume, in case one fails. If so, the computer might still function with the remaining ones.\line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line Please note that most types of serious data loss are not \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 PHYSICAL\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 , but are \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 LOGICAL\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  corruption by the Macintosh and its programs. Even so, most devices cannot preserve media integrity upon power out failure and could then benefit from mirroring.\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 There are several restrictions to mirroring:\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 First:\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  The device(s) containing the mirrored partitions must all be using our products SCSI driver, and be connected to the normal Mac SCSI bus, not an accelerator card.\line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Second:\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  To indicate which partitions you want to select, our SCSI driver must already loaded in memory. Selecting 'Mount' might help, otherwise restart.\line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Third:\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  Setting up requires copying the main (fastest) partition, while unmounted, onto another partition. It must already be initialized and be valid. Copying of course, destroys the previous contents of the mirrored duplicate destination partition.\line \line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 A Diagram of a mirrored partition with two copies:\f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \u160 \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line This setup shows a system with two storage devices. The first device has two Mac volume partitions, one of them is mirrored. Its mirror copies (it has two) are both found on the second storage device. Normally only one mirror copy per device is suggested, though.\line \line Note that only one of the mirrors is usually selected as readable and the other two are stored identically, but not read from unless the current "Main" fails.\line \line \line \f1\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Consult the large reference manual available for the program if more assistance is needed.\f2\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs0 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line }