{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Geneva;}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 This help window is provided as a subset of the instructions in the manual.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf1 \expan0 \ul0 Shortcuts:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line  - the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0 left\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  and \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0 right arrow keys\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  will move you from room to room\line  - the\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0  tab key\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  will select the next object in a room\line  - when you are trying out the glider, the\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0  Command key\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  will abort the test\line \line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf1 \expan0 \ul0 House File Structure:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The house you are creating or modifying can be thought of on three levels.\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0 \u8226? the house\line \u8226? the rooms\line \u8226? the objects\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line \line The house contains rooms which contain objects.  As well, several house files can be linked together as if part of one large house.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf1 \expan0 \ul0 The House:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The house contains rooms and information that applies across ALL rooms and objects.  The house contains:\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0  - a name for the house\line  - the high scores for that house\line  - the version of the editor that created the house\line  - the name of the background file the house uses\line  - the name of the house file that follows (if any)\line  - the first house file (if any)\line  - the number of rooms (max. = 40)\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line You can modify these by selecting the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 House Info\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu item from under the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Windows\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf1 \expan0 \ul0 The Rooms:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line Each of the rooms in the house contains additional information about that specific room.  A room contains objects and all objects are subject to this room.  The room information includes:\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0  - a name for the room\line  - the number of the room in the house\line  - the background used for that room\line  - the ordering of the background \u8220"tiles\u8221"\line  - the type of enemy craft in that room\line  - the number of these enemy craft (if any)\line  - the time delay between the appearance of these craft\line  - the condition of the room (normal, unlit, blowers off)\line  - the number of objects (max. = 16)\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line You can modify these by selecting the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Room Background Info\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu item and the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Room Condition Info\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  from the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Windows\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu.  Double-clicking in the room will bring up the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Room Condition Info\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  dialog box.\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs24 \cf1 \expan0 \ul0 The Objects:\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line The objects are dragged off the object palette (select \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Show Object Palette\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  from the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Windows\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu).  Each object has it's unique attributes.  Many of the attributes can be modified directly on the object (select the object and drag the objects \u8220"handle\u8221" or move the object around).  Some objects will require calling the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Object Info\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu from the \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 Windows\f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0  menu.\line The objects and a brief description follow:\line \line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf2 \expan0 \ul0 \u8226? Table - Handle stretches the size of the table-top.  You may fly under a table safely.  Obstacle.\line \u8226? Shelf - Handle stretches the width of the shelf.  Obstacle.\line \u8226? Books - No unique attributes.  Obstacle.\line \u8226? Cabinet - Handle stretches the size of the cabinet.  Obstacle.\line \u8226? Exit Rectangle - Handle resizes.  Invisible.  Object Info allows you to link it to another room (by number).\line \u8226? Obstacle Rectangle - Handle resizes.  Invisible.\line \u8226? Floor Vent - Locked to the floor.  Handle sets height the vent blows to.\line \u8226? Ceiling Vent - Locked to ceiling.  Handle sets lower limit vent blows.\line \u8226? Ceiling Duct - Locked to ceiling.  Handles sets lower limit of duct effect.  With Object Info you can set whether the duct is a suction or blower duct and the room # linked to.  The room linked to should have also have a ceiling duct.\line \u8226? Candle - Handle sets height of lift.  Object Info determines whether it is lit or unlit.\line \u8226? Fan (left) - Handle sets left limit of fans blowing.  Object Info determines whether it is on or off.\line \u8226? Fan (right) - Handle sets right limit of fans blowing.  Object Info determines whether on or off.\line \u8226? Clock - Object Info determines points awarded for touching clock.  Award.\line \u8226? Folded Paper - Object Info determines points awarded for touching folded piece of paper.\line \u8226? Grease - Handle sets length of grease spill when hit.\line \u8226? Bonus Rectangle - Handle resizes the rectangle.  Invisible.  You can set the number of points it awards by using Object Info (1000 pts. default).\line \u8226? Battery - Set amount of energy in Object Info (40 default)\line \u8226? Rubber Bands - Object Info displays number of rubber bands when touched.\line \u8226? Light Switch - No unique attributes.\line \u8226?Wall Outlet - Object Info determines delay between \u8220"zaps\u8221".\line \u8226? Thermostat -  No unique attributes.\line \u8226? Paper Shredder - Object Info sets whether shredder on or off.\line \u8226? Power Switch - Object Info sets whether on or off and which object # controlled (the Power Switch can only control fans and the paper shredder).\line \u8226? Guitar - Just a \u8216'fun\u8217' object.  Hitting it plays a guitar chord.\line \u8226? Drip - Handle sets bottom of drip.  Object Info determines the delay between drips.\line \u8226? Toaster - Handle sets height toast leaps.  Object info sets the delay between jumps.\line \u8226? Ball - Handle sets height of bounce.  Drag ball to bottom of bounce.\line \u8226? Fish Bowl - Handle sets the height fish leaps.  Object Info determines the delay between jumps.\line \u8226? Tea Kettle - Blows steam up and to the left.  Object info sets delay.\line \u8226? Window - Resize with handle.  Set whether open or closed with Object Info.\line \u8226? Painting - Fluff.\line \u8226? Mirror - Handle resizes.\line \u8226? Waste Basket -  No unique attributes.  Obstacle.\line \u8226? Macintosh - No unique attributes.  Obstacle.\line \u8226? Up Staircase - Object Info allows you to set room # linked to.\line \u8226? Down Staircase - Object Info allows you to set room # linked to.\line \f0\b0\i0\outl0\shad0\fs18 \cf0 \expan0 \ul0 \line For more information, see the accompanying manual.\line Thanks to Jon Wind for the convenient Help window.}